hardware/README.md, before:

Hardware Design Files
==============

Here we provide EnviroDIY Mayfly design files including:
- [EAGLE PCB electronic design files](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/blob/master/hardware/Mayfly_v0p5b), for use with the EAGLE electronic design automation (EDA) software (a [free maker edition](https://www.autodesk.com/products/eagle/compare) is available).
- Board schematic images, for versions 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, and 0.5b.
  - [mayfly_v0p3_schematic.png](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/blob/master/hardware/mayfly_v0p3_schematic.png)
  - [mayfly_v0p4_schematic.png](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/blob/master/hardware/mayfly_v0p4_schematic.png)
  - [mayfly_v0p5_schematic.png](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/blob/master/hardware/mayfly_v0p5_schematic.png)
  - [mayfly_v0p5b_schematic.png](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/blob/master/hardware/mayfly_v0p5b_schematic.png)


See our [Documentation](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/tree/master/doc) pages for a [Feature List](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/blob/master/doc/Intro_GettingStarted.md), for details on [Board Features](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/blob/master/doc/Hardware_BoardFeatures.md), and for [Jumper Settings](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/blob/master/doc/Hardware_JumperSettings.md).

For questions, use our Q&A forum at https://envirodiy.org/forum/mayfly/.

## Hardware Design Credits

The Mayfly Logger was developed by [Shannon Hicks](https://github.com/s-hicks2) and based on the [SODAQ Mbili board](https://support.sodaq.com/sodaq-one/sodaq-mbili-1284p/) hardware and the [SODAQ Mbili bootloader](https://github.com/SodaqMoja/HardwareMbili) software designed by Gregory Knauff (GKNFF).

Commit message:

Added links to Pelican drill template
In ReadMe.md for Hardware.

hardware/README.md, after:

Hardware Design Files
==============

Here we provide EnviroDIY Mayfly design files including:
- [EAGLE PCB electronic design files](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/blob/master/hardware/Mayfly_v0p5b), for use with the EAGLE electronic design automation (EDA) software (a [free maker edition](https://www.autodesk.com/products/eagle/compare) is available).
- Board schematic images, for versions 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, and 0.5b.
  - [mayfly_v0p3_schematic.png](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/blob/master/hardware/mayfly_v0p3_schematic.png)
  - [mayfly_v0p4_schematic.png](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/blob/master/hardware/mayfly_v0p4_schematic.png)
  - [mayfly_v0p5_schematic.png](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/blob/master/hardware/mayfly_v0p5_schematic.png)
  - [mayfly_v0p5b_schematic.png](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/blob/master/hardware/mayfly_v0p5b_schematic.png)


See our [Documentation](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/tree/master/doc) pages for a [Feature List](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/blob/master/doc/Intro_GettingStarted.md), for details on [Board Features](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/blob/master/doc/Hardware_BoardFeatures.md), and for [Jumper Settings](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/blob/master/doc/Hardware_JumperSettings.md).

For questions, use our Q&A forum at https://envirodiy.org/forum/mayfly/.

## Pelican Case Drilling Template

We also provide a convenient [Pelican case 1120 drilling template](https://github.com/EnviroDIY/EnviroDIY_Mayfly_Logger/blob/master/hardware/1120Pelican_enviroDIY_5.pdf) for optimal positioning of holes for submersible cord grips on a model 1120 Pelican case.

## Hardware Design Credits

The Mayfly Logger was developed by [Shannon Hicks](https://github.com/s-hicks2) and based on the [SODAQ Mbili board](https://support.sodaq.com/sodaq-one/sodaq-mbili-1284p/) hardware and the [SODAQ Mbili bootloader](https://github.com/SodaqMoja/HardwareMbili) software designed by Gregory Knauff (GKNFF).
